Hello everyone,
and welcome to your first milestone project.
In this lecture, we're just gonna discuss
what your milestone project assignment is,
and the various notebooks in the repository
dedicated to your first milestone project.
With that being said,
let's go ahead and jump to the repository,
and check out the assignment notebook
for milestone project one.
So here I am at the Complete-Python-Bootcamp repository.
If we just zoom in here,
you can scroll all the way down
to the M section for Milestone.
And you'll see a couple of Milestone Project notebooks.
We're gonna go ahead and check out
Milestone Project 1, Assignment notebook.
That should take you to this notebook here.
In this case, I actually have it open in GitHub
not a nbviewer.
So I can get the latest version.
But their Milestone Project 1,
first off, I just wanna congratulate you
on making it to your first Milestone Project.
You've already learned a tonne,
and you're definitely ready to work on a real project.
For this assignment you're gonna create a Tic Tac Toe game.
You can feel free to use
any development environment you want,
but just keep in mind that the solutions presented
are gonna be in the Jupyter notebook format.
The requirements for this milestone project
are two players should be able to play the game,
both sitting at the same computer.
The board should be printed out
every time a player makes a move,
and you should be able to accept the input
of the player position
and then place a symbol on the board.
You can feel free to use Google
to help you figure anything out,
but what I don't want you to do
is just Google Tic Tac Toe in Python,
otherwise you won't learn anything
cause you'll just find a bunch of solutions online.
Keep in mind this project can take anywhere between
a few hours, several hours, or several days.
There's four Jupyter notebooks related to this assignment.
There's the assignment notebook,
which is the notebook we're looking at right now,
there's a walkthrough steps workbook notebook,
a walkthrough solution notebook,
and then an advanced solution notebook.
What I encourage you to do
is just to try to start the project on your own
right now without referencing any of those notebooks.
I'll go over what these notebooks are in just a second.
But what you should really try to do right now
is just start from scratch.
A fresh notebook and see if you can actually programme out,
or see how far you can get programming out,
a full Tic Tac Toe game.
If you get stuck, you can check out the next lecture,
which is a text lecture with helpful hints
and steps to follow.
If you're still stuck after that,
then check out the walkthrough steps workbook,
which breaks up the project in steps for you to solve.
If you're still stuck,
then check out the walkthrough solution videos
for more help on approaching the project.
You should note that there are parts of this
that are gonna be a struggle and that's good.
I have complete faith in you,
that you've made it this far through the course,
and you have all the tools and knowledge
to tackle this project.
Remember it's just totally open book,
so take your time, do a little research,
and remember most of all, have fun.
With that being said let's go ahead and check out
the walkthrough steps workbook notebook.
So I jump back to my repository, Complete-Python-Bootcamp,
and I'm gonna go through the complete,
or excuse me, the walkthrough steps workbook
milestone project one notebook.
This one actually has the solutions.
But let's say you got stuck,
the helpful hints lecture,
you're still stuck after that,
you can check out this walkthrough steps workbook.
And if you click it,
it'll look something like this.
It's called Milestone Project 1:
Walkthrough Steps Workbook.
And below here is a set of steps for you to follow
to create the Tic Tac Toe milestone project game.
So you'll see here there's a bunch of cells
for you to fill out.
And there's actually steps telling you
what functions to make.
So for example the first step is
write a function that can print out a board.
Set up your board as a list, et cetera.
So as you follow these steps it will guide you
in filling out the functions you need
for actually creating a Tic Tac Toe project.
If you're still stuck after this,
then you can check out the full solution notebook
and the videos for it.
In which we're gonna actually walkthrough
and solve all of these problems
through a live coding session.
Do all of the steps and teach you every step necessary
to complete the Tic Tac Toe game.
After that if you're interested in
a more advanced solution,
using a couple topics we haven't actually covered yet,
you can go back to the Jupyter notebook viewer
and click Milestone Project 1, Advanced Solution.
There's the complete walkthrough solution
which is the solution for all these functions
to make a working game.
And then there's the advanced solution,
which uses some topics we haven't covered yet,
but are still nice to know in the context
of the Tic Tac Toe game.
Okay, that's it for this lecture.
Again if you want the actual assignment,
click on the assignment notebook.
If you want some more hints,
check out the next lecture foe a text lecture,
consisting of helpful hints.
If you want even more hints in a notebook format,
you can click the walkthrough steps workbook,
and begin to fill out the functions defined here for you,
and follow the instructions.
Still stuck after that then check out the videos
for the complete walkthrough solution.
Okay, with that being said,
best of luck and have fun.